capital = 2345
primary_culture = platinean
religion = catholic
government = presidential_dictatorship
plurality = 25.0
nationalvalue = nv_equality
literacy = 0.04
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.01
civilized = yes

# Political reforms
slavery = freedom_of_womb
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = harassment

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

# New Reforms
conscription = four_year_draft
debt_law = peonage
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = culture_voting_only
border_policy = open_borders

set_country_flag = catholic_country

ruling_party = LFE_conservative
upper_house = {
    fascist = 0
    liberal = 0
    conservative = 100
    reactionary = 0
    anarcho_liberal = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}

set_country_flag = new_world_nation

# Technologies
corps_system = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
artillery_standardization = 1
army_meritocratic_commissions = 1
line_of_battle = 1
navy_meritocratic_commissions = 1
family_banks = 1
metallism = 1
guild_based_production = 1
baroque_art = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
the_social_contract = 1
pumping_steam_engine = 1
metal_machine_tooling = 1

oob = "LFE_oob.txt"